{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 # Tambola\
\
As a rule, each player must buy AT LEAST one ticket to enter the game. A typical 90 ball Tambola ticket consists of 3 rows and 9 columns which make 27 spaces. Each row has a total of 5 numbers printed on it. A column can have 1, 2 or the maximum 3 numbers printed on it. The first column in the ticket will have numbers from 1-9, the second columnwill have 10-19, third column with 20-29 and so on until the 9th\'a0column which will be numbered in between 80-90.\
\
## Prize Money (Cash)\
\
* Overall Prize Money to be Won- Rs. 4000\
\
\
\
## Event Details\
\
| Round | Day | Time | Venue |\
|:-----:|:---:|:----:|:-----:|\
|    1   | Friday |  2 PM to 5 PM | Tent in the Main Field |\
|   2   | Saturday| 2 PM to 5 PM | Tent in the Main Field  |\
\
 \
## Event Coordinator\
\
**Name:** Riya Dogra\
\
**Phone:** [+91 8130983275](tel:8130983275)\
\
**Email:** [mathsoc@snu.edu.in](mailto:mathsoc@snu.edu.in)\
\
## Rules\
\
* The game begins with a ball draw. As the game progresses, the board is marked with each ball that is drawn. The objective of the game is to mark/ dab all the numbers found in the ticket as called by the dealer. The player who first marks all the numbers in a winning pattern and calls a win is declared as the WINNER of that pattern after the dealer checks his ticket and verify it with numbers drawn.\
* If your claimed winning pattern is wrong, it will be called BOOGY and you cannot continue the game with the same ticket.\
\
\
\
\
**Note:** Event Prize money is subject to change by the organising committee without any prior notice. The decision by the organising committee stands final and binding on all participants.\
\
}